very good girls very good guys I am
what are you doing, I hope you are
all very well today I bring you a news
very important but first of all and it is
very I will be very brief in the video
previous about this thing that is
watching from box and hacks I made a
disqualifying but I did not do it with bad
intention is worth the name the word gypsies
in the sense of being mean but not
I did not mean it with bad intention was
a phrase made that everyone
also pawns and I did not seriously
bad intention who has felt
offended really thousand apologies we have
hectic family
we do not really want to give much hype
because seriously it was something that I did not
on purpose and I did it without wanting to if
Serious if you have been bothered by something
seriously I'm sorry a thousand apologies once
finished this topic do not go back to
committing it the news regarding
assassin's creed because from holguin
espeta vouchers to a web page has
come an image that includes a
pretty speculative logo that
llama assassin's creed rising phoenix
as indicated by the image you have
in the description of the website of
techno consoles point is and up here what
that appears is that it seems to be a
notice that it is an image of
internal use that it seems that someone has
returned to do some little thing
plot of I'm going to take a picture or scan
the well nobody who finds out and what has
commented good it's like he wanted
come to light but brought to light but
there is as if it were a rumor, but
you really know that the things that
they are rumors of ubisoft or of asse
he writes they always end up coming to light
so well you know there have been
multiple leaks of information
about ubisoft products in the
last days last days last
weeks with the new assassin's creed
you really have to deal with this topic
also very delicately because it's going to
be a new assassin's believe this will be
the next assassin's creed come out
for example for playstation vita this
would be a very important data so
nothing guys a little kiss everyone I hope
I have interested you the news and at 9
remember that you have the first chapter
of snipes and go crazy
the nine o'clock American guys
bye